# Log Analysis and Chart GenerationThis Python project analyzes log files and generates charts based on the log data. It provides functionality to analyze log warnings, extract error package names, parse requests, and generate various types of charts.## Project StructureThe project follows the following structure:├── src│ ├── LogAnalyzer.py│ └── LogStats.py├── data│ └── mq.log├── README.md└── main.py- `src` directory: Contains the source code files.  - `LogAnalyzer.py`: Defines the `LogAnalyzer` class for log analysis.  - `LogStats.py`: Defines the `LogStats` class for chart generation.- `data` directory: Contains the log file (`mq.log`) used for analysis.- `README.md`: The documentation file you're currently reading.- `main.py`: The main program file to run the log analysis and chart generation.## PrerequisitesMake sure you have the following prerequisites installed:- Python 3.x- Required dependencies (mentioned in the project code)## Usage1. Clone this repository to your local machine or download the source code files.2. Install the required dependencies by running the following command:   ```bash   pip install -r requirements.txt   ```3. Place your log file in the data directory or update the log_file_path variable in main.py to point to your log file.4. Run the program by executing the following command:    ```bash    python main.py    ```    The program will analyze the log file and generate the desired output and charts based on the code in main.py.